feat: Implement getAllowedResourceTypesForOperation (#9)
awslabs/fhir-works-on-aws-authz-rbac: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [1.1.0] - 2020-09-25

> - Implement `getAllowedResourceTypesForOperation`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feat: Implement `getAllowedResourceTypesForOperation`

```

> ## [1.0.0] - 2020-08-31
> 
> - Implement `getAllowedResourceTypesForOperation`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [1.1.0] - 2020-09-25

- feat: Implement `getAllowedResourceTypesForOperation`. This will allow the router to filter results before returning to the caller

```

Author: I think it's weird to mention the router implementation details here since router is a different package. I did fix the version/date though.
